Pia 3615 migration guide bank (#325)
gini/gini-mobile-ios: BankSDK/GiniBankSDK/Documentation/source/Migration to version 3.x.x.md

### Breaking Changes

We removed the ability for users to manually add additional articles.
We also removed the info box.

### New Features

#### Bottom navigation bar

You can show a bottom navigation bar by passing true to `GiniBankConfiguration.shared.bottomNavigationBarEnabled`. There is a default implementation, but you can also use
your own by implementing the `DigitalInvoiceNavigationBarBottomAdapter` interface and passing it to `GiniBankConfiguration.shared.digitalInvoiceNavigationBarBottomAdapter`.

## Digital Invoice Edit Article screen

The new edit article screen uses the global UI customization options and is presented as a bottom sheet on phones and as a dialog on iPad. You can discard the old screen specific customizations.

[Here](TODO) you can find the detailed description on how to customize this screen.

### Breaking Changes

We removed the ability to deselect the article from this screen.

### New Features

Easier currency and amount input when editing an article.

## Digital Invoice Help screen

The new help screen uses the global UI customization options. You can discard the old screen specific customizations.

> You can find more details [here](https://developer.gini.net/gini-mobile-ios/GiniBankSDK/3.0.0-beta07/customization-guide.html#return-assistant-help-screen) and [here](https://www.figma.com/file/623Fahuwq8tUzSWQPd23Ie/iOS-Gini-Bank-SDK-3.0.0-UI-Customisation?node-id=1356%3A11409&t=hzHQDEsTJv9ZVE7M-1).

Reviewer: [Suggestion] I think the first link should be updated to point to `digital-inboice-help-screen`. Also I would not add the figma link here again. It is already available in the customization guide.
```suggestion
You can find more details [here](https://developer.gini.net/gini-mobile-ios/GiniBankSDK/3.0.0-beta07/customization-guide.html#digital-invoice-help-screen).
```
